The one game that my group found common ground in was Minecraft.
Overall this game portrays plenty of quality factors, the most prominent being reliability, usability, and flexibility.
In terms of reliability, Minecraft has proven to be one of the most consistent games in which the game will always play exactly as it should, no matter where it's played.  Very rarely will you find yourself unable to load the game up, create new worlds, etc., the only limit to the reliability being the machine you play it on.  Even then, Minecraft has done a good job in it's software being able to work on many devices, be it the lowest end pc, to a high end one.
In terms of usability, Minecraft is simply unmatched in it's simplicity.  The game itself is quite easy to grasp, and has plenty of in-built tutorials for how to do things.  It even has a function to where you can see exactly what is needed to craft certain items, so literally anyone can play with zero knowledge of how the game works.  The UI is  very simple and user friendly, and comes with a host of support for certain things like language settings, quality correction, and sound correction.
Finally, in terms of flexibility, Minecraft is absolutely unmatched with what can be done when it comes to modding the main game.  There are hundreds of thousands of mods out there where people have added their own things to the game itself, such as Pokemon, airplanes, and a host of other crazy things.  Minecraft was simply made to be a sandbox game, and almost anyone can easily create their own mods with a small amount of effort.
